you
all right you guys just came by Katie
for hair back again pretty much we're
going to do a little boxing and review
of the xspc razor gtx 660 t new style um
pretty much they discontinued or they
still gonna still make the other one
part of the bargain to phase it out but
this is the new one just looks like the
razor gtx 690 and the gtx 670 reference
one just same thing but covers a whole
thing's plexi acrylic and a she covered
pretty much like a i'm going to call it
i'm term remember the brass black over
it looks and you put LEDs on the corners
at three millimeter and pretty much i
show you this I'll put it on the
description of this actual PDF found
install the guide and everything so
pretty much same thing and press a
little bit try to pretty simple what to
do like this one I will seem like into
680 but like that double stack method
but I know here is your actual thermal
pads actually you have enough they're
pre-cut already a dual three blue LED
millimeter you got all your actual um do
you want threads all your little tied
things to make sure it doesn't ground
offer anything bad boy out that so here
is a beautiful I'm not going to take off
the rap but look very beautiful once
again xspc and the very smart enough
what they did is they cover it so just
just just like the 680 original one like
the metal aluminum one the covers the
whole thing up so there's nothing
exposed to anything now cover up so in
any of the other copper
covers all the moffatts fire chokes me
ax you get five threads two down one
angle you don't need a 45 you have two
down to here too one two three four five
six thread you want threats to able to
do this look pretty pretty bad and here
sexual dread you can tell us either
acrylic and I like about it and you
don't have to use any bridges like other
companies shall follow this um I like
this method very affordable I want to
put a price on this yet on I need to
actually upload it and forgot it cause
the thermal compound too so are you guys
have any questions about this leave a
description below and I'll see you guys
a little later